feat: Mention that ~ can be used without username to access your own stores (#678)
apify/apify-docs: sources/platform/storage/index.md

In most cases, when accessing your storages via API, you will need to provide a **store ID**, which you can do in the following formats:

* **WkzbQMuFYuamGv3YF** - the store's alphanumerical ID if the store is unnamed.

> * **~store-name** - the store's name prefixed with tilde (`~`) character if the store is named (e.g. **~ecommerce-scraping-results**)
> * **username~store-name** - username and the store's name separated by a tilde (`~`) character if the store is named and belongs to different account (e.g. **janedoe~ecommerce-scraping-results**). Note that in this case the user owning the store needs to grant you access first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **~store-name** - the store's name prefixed with tilde (`~`) character if the store is named (e.g. **~ecommerce-scraping-results**)
* **username~store-name** - username and the store's name separated by a tilde (`~`) character if the store is named and belongs to a different account (e.g. **janedoe~ecommerce-scraping-results**). Note that in this case, the store's owner needs to grant you access first.
```
